362 security insufficiently addressed in sdpi 10 (#395)
IHE/sdpi-fhir: SDPi_Supplement/asciidoc/volume2/dev-25/tf2-dev-25.adoc

====== Expected Actions
When a <<actor_somds_provider>> sends this message, there is no expected or required response.

[#vol2_clause_dev_23_message_announce_network_presence_ses]
=== {var_transaction_id} Safety, Effectiveness, Security Considerations and Requirements

==== SES General Considerations
Requirements from the <<ref_iso_81001_1_2021>>, <<ref_iec_80001_1_2021>>, and related standards should be fully applied to this technical framework element.

For additional guidance, see section <<vol1_clause_appendix_a_ses_considerations_and_requirements>>.

==== Safety Requirements & Considerations
No additional safety requirements or considerations are identified for this technical framework element beyond those specified in the _<<acronym_ses>> General Considerations_ section above.

==== Effectiveness Requirements & Considerations
No additional effectiveness requirements or considerations are identified for this technical framework element beyond those specified in the _<<acronym_ses>> General Considerations_ section above.

==== Security Requirements & Considerations

> This transaction is intended to execute over *_SECURED_* connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction is intended to execute over *_SECURED_* transmission channels.
```

Protocol-specific security requirements for this transaction are detailed in the related TF-2 messaging technology appendix.
For example, <<vol2_appendix_a_mdpws_messages>> for <<acronynm_mdpws>>-based communication.

> Appropriate security risk management shall be performed to ensure that no unacceptable harm results during *_SECURED_* exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appropriate security risk management shall be performed to ensure that no unacceptable harm results during *_SECURED_* message exchange.
```
